<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
To change this license header, choose License Headers in Project Properties.
To change this template file, choose Tools | Templates
and open the template in the editor.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
    <head>
        <title>Privacy policy</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <style>
            #ppBody
            {
                font-size:11pt;
                width:100%;
                margin:0 auto;
                text-align:justify;
            }

            #ppHeader
            {
                font-family:verdana;
                font-size:21pt;
                width:100%;
                margin:0 auto;
            }

            .ppConsistencies
            {
                display:none;
            }
        </style><div id='ppHeader'> Privacy Policy</div><div id='ppBody'><div class='ppConsistencies'><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="quick-links text-center">Information Collection</div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="quick-links text-center">Information Usage</div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="quick-links text-center">Information Protection</div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="quick-links text-center">Cookie Usage</div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="quick-links text-center">3rd Party Disclosure</div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="quick-links text-center">3rd Party Links</div>
                </div></div><div style='clear:both;height:10px;'></div><div class='ppConsistencies'><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="col-12 quick-links2 gen-text-center">Google AdSense</div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="col-12 quick-links2 gen-text-center">
                        Fair Information Practices
                        <div class="col-8 gen-text-left gen-xs-text-center" style="font-size:12px;position:relative;left:20px;">Fair information<br/> Practices</div>
                    </div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="col-12 quick-links2 gen-text-center coppa-pad">
                        COPPA

                    </div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="col-12 quick-links2 quick4 gen-text-center caloppa-pad">
                        CalOPPA

                    </div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="quick-links2 gen-text-center">CAN-SPAM</div>
                </div><div class='col-2'>
                    <div class="quick-links2 gen-text-center">Our Contact Information<br/></div>
                </div></div><div style='clear:both;height:10px;'></div>
                <div class='innerText'>This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.<br/></div><span id='infoCo'></span><br/><div class='grayText'><strong>What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?</strong></div><br/><div class='innerText'>When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your email address  or other details to help you with your experience.</div><br/><div class='grayText'><strong>When do we collect information?</strong></div><br/><div class='innerText'>We collect information from you when you register on our site  or enter information on our site.</div><br/><span id='infoUs'></span><br/><div class='grayText'><strong>How do we use your information? </strong></div><br/><div class='innerText'> We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:<br/><br/></div><div class='innerText'>     <strong>+</strong> To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.</div><span id='infoPro'></span><br/><div class='grayText'><strong>How do we protect visitor information?</strong></div><br /><div class='innerText'>We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.</div><div class='innerText'>We do not use Malware Scanning.<br/><br/></div><div class='innerText'>Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. </div><br/><div class='innerText'>We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.</div><br/><div class='innerText'>All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.</div>kept for more than 60 days in order<span id='coUs'></span><br/><br/><div class='grayText'><strong>Do we use 'cookies'?</strong></div><br /><div class='innerText'>We do not use cookies for tracking purposes </div><div class='innerText'><br/>You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.<br/></div><br/><div class='innerText'>If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.</div><span id='trDi'></span><br/><div class='grayText'><strong>Third Party Disclosure</strong></div><br /><div class='innerText'>We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.</div><span id='trLi'></span><br/><div class='grayText'><strong>Third party links</strong></div><br /><div class='innerText'>We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.</div><span id='gooAd'></span><br/><div class='blueText'><strong>Google</strong></div><br /><div class='innerText'>We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.</div><span id='calOppa'></span><div class='blueText'><div class='innerText'><br/><strong>According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:</strong></div><br/><div class='innerText'>Users can visit our site anonymously</div><div class='innerText'>Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.</div><div class='innerText'>Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.</div><div class='innerText'><br/>Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:</div><div class='innerText'>      <strong>+</strong> On our Privacy Policy Page</div><div class='innerText'>Users are able to change their personal information:</div><div class='innerText'>      <strong>+</strong> By logging in to their account</div><div class='innerText'><br/><strong>How does our site handle do not track signals?</strong></div><br/><div class='innerText'>We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place. </div><div class='innerText'><br/><strong>Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?</strong></div><br/><div class='innerText'>It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking</div><span id='coppAct'></span><br/><div class='innerText'>We do not specifically market to children under 13.</div><span id='ftcFip'></span><br/><div class='blueText'><strong>Fair Information Practices</strong></div><br /><div class='innerText'>The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.<br/><br/></div><div class='innerText'><strong>In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:</strong></div><br/><div class='innerText'>We will notify the users via email within reasonable time limits<div class='innerText'><br/>We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.</div><span id='canSpam'></span><br/><div class='innerText'><strong><br/>If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can</strong></div><br/> and we will promptly remove you from <strong>ALL</strong> correspondence.</div><br/><div class='innerText'><br/>Last Edited on 2015-02-27</div>
        </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>
